2257 Exempt
Exemption Statement Content Produced by Third Parties: The operators of this website are not the producers of any depictions of actual or simulated sexually explicit conduct submitted by its third party users / members. Instead, the activities of the operators of this website, with respect to such content, are limited to the transmission, storage, retrieval, hosting and/or formatting of depictions posted directly to the website by third party users, on areas of the website under the users control. Pursuant to Title 18 U.S.C. 2257(h)(2)(B)(v) and 47 U.S.C. 230(c), the operators of this website reserve the right to delete content posted by users which operators deem to be defamatory or inconsistent with their policies and terms of use.
connectlist.org is a community website in which allows for the uploading, sharing and general viewing of various types of adult content and while connectlist.org's support staff do their best they can with verifying compliance, it may not be 100% accurate.
connectlist.org is a community website, not a producer of content. Its only obligation is to cooperate to immediately withdraw the content once the infraction of the site's guidelines are identified.
The procedures we use for compliance: The Website permits the submission of User Submissions and the hosting, sharing, and/or publishing of such User Submissions. a) Requiring all users to be over 18 years old to join, hence, upload pictures or videos. b) connectlist.org allows content to be flagged as a violation. Should any content be flagged as illegal, unlawful, harassing, harmful, offensive or various other reasons, connectlist.org's support staff shall review the content and once the infraction of the site's rules are identified remove the content. c) connectlist.org also uses automated filters to remove content it deems in violation to the posting guidelines before it is displayed to other users. d) connectlist.org's staff periodically reviews uploaded content and removes such content that violates its guidelines.
Uploader is solely responsible for your own User Submissions and the consequences of posting or publishing them by accepting our terms of use. We permit the submission of photos and videos and other communications submitted by you and other users ("User Submissions") and the hosting, sharing, and/or publishing of such User Submissions.
